dist/readme.md, before:



[Licenses](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

:house: stuw5ty <br>
==

Description
--
>asreyhaery<br>
<br>

### Table of Contents
<a name ="install">Installation Instructions</a><br>
<a name ="usage">Usage Information</a><br>
<a name ="contribute">Contribution Guidelines</a><br>
<a name ="test">Testing Instructions</a><br>
<a name ="quest">Questions</a><br>

:memo: [Installation Instructions](#install)
========
>aryhaery

:computer: [Usage Information](#usage)
===
>srthserty

:incoming_envelope: [Contribution Guidelines](#contribute)
==
>srtyhsery

:notebook: [Testing instructions](#test)
==
>srtyhsr

:question: [Questions](#quest)
==
>:email:Email: arheraey<br>
>GitHub Username: asdfadef<br>
>:link: Repository Link: sfdgaserfg<br>

[Licenses](#license)
==
>This application is covered under the following license(s): <br>
>>MIT<br>
>>click [here](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) to read about these licenses.

Footer
--

Made with love :gift_heart: by asdfadef.<br>:copyright: 2020

Commit message:

changed files, have successful readme generated

dist/readme.md, after:



![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)
<br>


:house: Readme generator <br>
==

Description
--
>this generates a readme file to place with an app on Github.<br>

### Table of Contents
[Installation](#install)<br>
[Usage Information](#usage)</a><br>
[Contribution Guidelines](#contribute)<br>
[Testing Instructions](#test)<br>
[Questions](#quest)<br>

:memo: [Installation Instructions](install)
========
>use the command prompt and install node.js and inquirer npm to install

:computer: [Usage Information](usage)
===
>use this to generate styled readme files

:incoming_envelope: [Contribution Guidelines](contribute)
==
>use the issues tabs to add contributions

:notebook: [Testing instructions](test)
==
>install and use, add any issues to issues tab

:question: [Questions](quest)
==
>:email:Email: jd9913@gmail.com<br>
>GitHub Username: jd9913<br>
>:link: Repository Link: www.github.com<br>

[Licenses](#license)
==
>This application is covered under the following license(s): <br>
>>MIT<br>
>>click [here](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) to read about these licenses.

Footer
--

Made with love :gift_heart: by jd9913.<br>:copyright: 2020
